Added a module for MySQL for configurations that are safer than the default (#35)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-google-sql-db: modules/safer_mysql/README.md

# terraform-google-sql for a safer MySQL

The module sets up a MySQL installation that relies on Cloud IAM for

> authenticating its users. The use of Cloud IAM centralises identty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authenticating its users. The use of Cloud IAM centralizes identity
```

management, access control, and permits to strengthen the credentials
being used for authentication.

The module uses the terraform-google-sql module for MySQL, but controls
more strictly the type of network connections that are allowed: in all
cases, network connections need to be mediated via the Cloud SQL Proxy and,
hence, be authorized via Cloud IAM.

The most secure setup doesn't assign a public IP to the instance
(assign_public_ip = false), and permits connections only from within the
given VPC. In such a setup, sharing the instance between projects requires
setting up Shared VPCs, and direct mysql access from engineering workstations
is not possible: any debugging needs to be performed via bastion hosts or
custom tooling running on VMs connected to the VPC.

> If assign_public_ip = true, the instance will be assigned a public IP. However,

Reviewer: What is the use case for `assign_public_ip` on the safe module?

Author: The rationale is that there are certain networking setups that are hard to use with only private ips, and the mandated use of Cloud SQL Proxy for connections mitigates sufficient risks.

In particular, there are limits in the way the Cloud SQL peering works, as it doesn't allow transitive connections between peered networks. So if we have:

 P1 <--> Private Cloud SQL

and now we want to use the same instance from P2, one natural thing would be to peer its VPC with P1. However,  P2 won't be able to see Cloud SQL in this setup.

P2 <--> P1 <-X only P1 X-> Cloud SQL. 

The solution for this are shared VPCs, but adopting them often requires significant changes in the architecture, and there are opinions stating that Shared VPCs might end up eroding the security boundary defined by a project, and sharing too many resources by default.

Because we only expose a public IP with NO authorized networks, we ensure that Mysql is not directly exposed, but its connections are mediated by the Cloud SQL Proxy and authorized by Cloud IAM, making Cloud SQL to be similar to other Cloud APIs endpoints that are exposed to the public.

@yukinying did I miss anything?

Reviewer: Got it, thanks for the thorough explanation.

-   only allow connections from host ~cloudsqlproxy to ensure that nobody can
    access data without connecting via the Cloud SQL Proxy.
-   have randomly generated passwords, which can be stored in configuration
    files. Such passwords can be considered as secure as API Keys rather than
    strong credentials for access.

To maintain the user list manageable, we suggest to consider MySQL users in a
way similar to roles rather than individual human users. For example, a simple
application could define the following roles:

-   **admin**: root-like users with full permissions on all tables and data.
    This can be used in breakglass emergencies, or as part of the release cycle
    to perform structural modifications of the DB (e.g., add tables and columns)

-   **app**: permissions required for running the application. Generally, it
    will have read/write permissions on data, but no ability of performing
    structural modifications to the DB.

    *   Multiple roles for different apps can be defined if more protection
        against accidental errors is desired.

-   **readonly**: permissions required for reading data in the database for
    debugging or customer support.

> *   Once users are created, you need to assign them

Reviewer: (Later solution) Should we incorporate this SQL automatically?

Author: Good idea, I'll look into it for a followup pull request.

Author: (resolving for now, I can work on that improvement independently from this PR)

    permissions as described above.
*   Use the service account in your VMs or GKE node pools, so that it can be
    used by application as the default service account of the machine.
*   For GKE and VM, setup CloudSQL proxy as described in the
    [public documentation](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/sql-proxy).
*   User and password of the MySQL user can be set as configurations of the
    application, or GKE secrets.

*   All applications should construct SQL queries following principles and
    libraries that protect against SQL Injection Attacks.

### Human Access to the Cloud SQL instance data.

*   Download and install Cloud SQL proxy on their workstation as
    described in the
    [public documentation](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/sql-proxy).

```
wget https://dl.google.com/cloudsql/cloud_sql_proxy.linux.amd64 -O cloud_sql_proxy
chmod +x cloud_sql_proxy
```

Connections from engineers' workstations is directly possible only if the instance
has been assiged a public ip (assign_public_ip = "true"). If only Private IPs are
used, then access needs to be mediated by bastion hosts connected to the same VPC,
or through custom UI or other tools.

> If public IP is avaible, engineers can use the following process to connect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If public IP is available, engineers can use the following process to connect:
```
